venom let there be carnage is finally
coming to theaters if you need a quick
recap of everything that happened in the
first venom movie then don't worry this
video has you covered this is everything
that happened in the first venom to get
you prepared for let there be carnage
the bioengineering corporation the life
foundation sends a probe into space that
discovers symbiotic life forms the probe
brings back four samples to earth but
one manages to escape life foundation
ceo carlton drake and his team discover
that the symbiotes need an oxygen
breathing host to survive and begin
running human trials investigative
journalist eddie brock reads about these
trials and classified documents
belonging to his fiancee anne and
decides to publicly confront drake
leading to both eddie and anne's firings
which causes them to break up six months
later doris skirth a scientist working
for drake approaches eddie to help him
expose what the life foundation is
really up to in the past six months one
symbiote has died and countless human
test subjects have been killed through
these experiments dora helps eddie break
into the life foundation facility to
find incriminating evidence while there
one of the symbiotes transfers on to
eddie without him realizing after
developing strange symptoms eddie visits
anne's new boyfriend dr dan lewis who
discovers the symbiote is inside eddie
meanwhile drake discovers dora's
betrayal and exposes her to his final
captive symbiote killing them both drake
sends his team of mercenaries after
eddie to retrieve the escape symbiote
but it manifests itself and fights off
the attackers the symbiote introduces
itself to eddie as venom and explains
that the symbiotes were searching for a
planet full of inhabitants that they
could devour and possess it seems like a
pretty serious and scary threat but
eddie shouldn't worry venom promises to
spare him and eddie takes a liking to
the new superpowers that being inhabited
by a symbiote grants him there is a
downside to all of this though as it
turns out that the symbiote is slowly
rotting eddie's organs venom promises
that the damage can be reversed but
eddie and anne still decide it's best to
separate eddie and venom and wouldn't
you know it that's exactly when drake's
team finally managed to capture eddie
speaking of drake that fourth symbiote
that managed to escape at the beginning
of the film has found its way back to
him that symbiote is named riot and
drake joins with him and plans to travel
into space and bring the rest of the
symbiotes back to earth and bonds with
venom to free eddie and when eddie and
venom reunite venom reveals that he's
had a change of heart and wants to
protect earth's people from a symbiote
takeover so the duo race to the space
probe launch where they fight the bonded
riot and drake eddie has the upper hand
as he's discovered that the symbiote's
two major weaknesses are fire and high
pitched noises ultimately venom causes
the probe to explode killing both
carlton drake and his final symbiote
anne thinks venom died in the explosion
too but secretly he's still bonded with
eddie and the two work together to rid
san francisco of any criminals and in a
post-credits scene eddie brock back on
his journalism grind is invited to
interview the incarcerated serial killer
cletus cassidy who promises carnage when
he escapes and that's everything that
happened in venom to prepare you for
venom let there be carnage let me know
in the comments below what some of your
favorite moments from the first venom
were and what are you most looking
forward to seeing and let there be
carnage like this video if you found it
helpful subscribe to this channel for
more content like this and that does it
for me in this one but i'll see you in
the next one
[Music]
you